[SPARK-47102][SQL][COLLATION] Adding COLLATION_ENABLED config (#45218)
apache/spark: docs/sql-error-conditions.md

Cannot find a short name for the codec `<codecName>`.

### COLLATION_SUPPORT_DISABLED

[SQLSTATE: 0A000](sql-error-conditions-sqlstates.html#class-0A-feature-not-supported)

> Collation feature is under development and not all features are supported. To enable existing features toggle `COLLATION_ENABLED` flag to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collation support is under development and not all features are supported. To enable existing features set `spark.sql.collation.enabled` to `true`.
```
